Update absolute links [release branch] (#2356)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/advanced_topics.md

[Learn more](../src/example/SampleCpuExtension/README.md)

## Model Cache

> Leverage the OpenVINO [model caching](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/openvino_docs_OV_UG_Model_caching_overview.html) feature to speed up subsequent model loading on a target device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leverage the OpenVINO [model caching](https://docs.openvino.ai/2024/openvino-workflow/running-inference/optimize-inference/optimizing-latency/model-caching-overview.html) feature to speed up subsequent model loading on a target device.
```
